Add python section to sign-into-web-app guide. OKTA-354778 (#1897)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/require-authentication/python/reqauthspecific.md

> For example, you could require authentication for any route by adding decorator `@login_required` from lib flask-login:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you could require authentication for any route by adding the decorator `@login_required` from lib flask-login:
```

```py
from flask_login import login_required, current_user

@app.route("/profile")
@login_required
def profile():
    return render_template("profile.html", user=current_user)
```

> But first you need to setup LoginManager:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But first you need to set up LoginManager:
```

```py
from flask_login import LoginManager

login_manager = LoginManager()
login_manager.init_app(app)

@login_manager.user_loader
def load_user(user_id):
    return User.get(user_id)
```

> Users are being logged in and logged out with functions `login_user` and `logout_user`, respectively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users are being signed in and signed out with functions `login_user` and `logout_user`, respectively:
```

```py
from flask_login login_user, logout_user
```

> Login is being performed during [Define a callback step](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/python/define-callback/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sign in is being performed during the [Define a callback step](/docs/guides/sign-into-web-app/python/define-callback/).
```

> More details on login and user management can be found in [Flask-Login docs](https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more details on sign in and user management in the [Flask-Login docs](https://flask-login.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).
```

> The other possible way to manage users and require authentication is to do everything by hand:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another possible way to manage users and require authentication is to do everything manually:
```

```py
@app.route("/profile")
def profile():
    if is_authenticated():
        return render_template("profile.html", user=user)
    else:
        return "Unauthenticated", 401

def is_authenticated():

>     token = request.headers.get("Authorization").split("Bearer ")[1]

Reviewer: There's a space between Bearer and "

Author: Because header format "Bearer {token}", thus, space will be removed by split.

Reviewer: Excuse the newb Python question LOL

    return is_access_token_valid(token, config["issuer"], config["client_id"])
```

> For both variants you need to define custom `User` model:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For both variants you need to define a custom `User` model:
```
